Document X.509 client certificate authentication support (#1924)
Kuadrant/kuadrant-operator: doc/overviews/auth.md

**How overrides work:**
- Override rules win over any more specific policies
- Enforces mandatory controls that cannot be weakened by route-level policies
- Ensures organization-wide compliance requirements are always met

Kuadrant AuthPolicies extend Gateway API's Defaults & Overrides with additional merge strategies for allowing users to specify sets of policy rules under `defaults` and/or `overrides` blocks that can be either _atomically_ applied or _merged_ into a composition of policy rules from the multiple AuthPolicies affecting a hierarchy of newtworking objects. The name of the policy rule is used for detecting conflicts.
**Example use case for overrides:** Enforce mutual TLS for all production traffic regardless of what application teams configure, ensuring compliance with security standards.

> For details of the behavior of Defaults & Overrides for the AuthPolicies covering all supported merge strategies, see [RFC-0009](https://github.com/Kuadrant/architecture/blob/main/rfcs/0009-defaults-and-overrides.md).

Reviewer: This looks like a "deep-dive" link for thirsty people. Should we keep it somewhere in the "your next read" section?

Author: I'll add a link.

**Example use case for overrides:** Enforce mutual TLS for all production traffic regardless of what application teams configure, ensuring compliance with security standards.

**Policy hierarchy:**

Defaults and overrides work at any level of the Gateway API hierarchy:
1. Gateway (broadest)
2. Gateway listener (via `sectionName`)
3. HTTPRoute
4. HTTPRouteRule (via `sectionName`) (most specific)

The "effective policy" for each request is computed based on hierarchy rules from [GEP-713](https://gateway-api.sigs.k8s.io/geps/gep-713/#resolving-conflicts). Kuadrant implements 4 [merge strategies](https://gateway-api.sigs.k8s.io/geps/gep-713/#designing-a-merge-strategy) allowing atomic or merged composition of policy rules:
- **Atomic defaults:** The most specific policy fully replaces less specific ones for the topological scope it applies to. No merging of rules occurs. This is the default behavior.
- **Atomic overrides:** The broadest policy fully replaces more specific ones. No merging of rules occurs.
- **Merged defaults:** Individual rules from the most specific policy replaces rules with the same name in less specific ones, while rules with different names are both maintained.

> - **Merged overrides:** Individual rules from the broadest policy replaces rules with the same name in more specific ones, while rules with different names are both maintained.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Merged defaults:** Individual rules from the most specific policy replace rules with the same name in less specific ones, while rules with different names are both maintained.
- **Merged overrides:** Individual rules from the broadest policy replace rules with the same name in more specific ones, while rules with different names are both maintained.
```

Author: Thanks! Fixed.
